## Agenda 25/11/2021

---
**Date:** 25/11/2021\
**Main Focus:** Overview the requirements with George (TA)\
**Chair:** Maurits Kienhuis\
**Note Taker:** Winstijn Smit

# Opening

*Check that everybody is present.*

**Ali:** 

**George:**

**Julie:** 

**Martin:** 

**Mattheo:** Late 

**Maurits:** 

**Winstijn:** 

# Approval of the Agenda

*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

**Ali:** 

**Julie:** 

**Martin:** 

**Mattheo:** 

**Maurits:** 

**Winstijn:** 


# Questions for the TA

*Note down all questions that you have so that you can ask them then.*

- Why are different TA's doing different things in relation to allowing user stories?
- When is a microservice too small and or how many should we have? Our goal is to avoid just having databases communicate with other databases but we're unsure to what extend.
- How should we determine when the selection procedure starts for the course? (the current plan is when they can't candidate anymore)
- How if at all should we deal with account creation?
- In terms of drawing diagrams / making visualizations, what is expected of us?
- What should be our next step?

# Questions from the TA

*Does the TA have questions for the group?*

# Question round

*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

- Should we be using gitlab / where should we work so that everything is clear for George?
- Where is the mattermost channel
- Can we still expect the aid's mentioned in the previous meeting?.
- Should we put our diagrams on gitlab? -> advised to use scrum as much as possible.
- How detailed should our lolipop notation be?
- Would you suggest any software to create lolipop notation?
- Should we have example requests for documentation?

# Closing

*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*