## Agenda 2/12/2021

---
**Date:** 2/12/2021\
**Main Focus:** Answering questions and addressing general progress with George (TA)\
**Chair:** Winstijn Smit\
**Note Taker:** Ali YÃ¼cel

# Opening

*Check that everybody is present.*

**Ali, George, Julie, Martin, Mattheo, Maurits, Winstijn** 

# Approval of the Agenda

*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

# Questions for the TA

- How should we handle the Sprint Retrospective?
- Is an API Gateway considered as a proxy (design pattern)?
- Do you have any feedback on the state of our Gitlab? Are there suggestions?
- Are we on track?
- What are we exactly expected to write in the assignment 1 part 1 other describing our microservices?

# Questions from the TA

*Does the TA have questions for the group?*

- How does a student get accepted as a TA given our current UML diagram?

# Question round

*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

- There were no other questions.

# Closing

Thank you for attending the meeting!
